feat(lints): add get_ fn name lint (#4)
axelarnetwork/axelar-lints: amplifier-lints/get_fn/README.md

### What it does

Warns on any functions that start with `get_`.

### Why is this bad?

> It's convention to install call the function what you're trying to get directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's idiomatic in Rust to omit the `get_` prefix for getter functions
```
